V14: Correct code for Confirm Dialog (#5825)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: new-backoffice/extending/modals/README.md

(TODO: Insert link to story about Controller Host also available through the UmbElementMixin)

```ts
this.myModalRegistration = new UmbModalRouteRegistrationController(
    this,
    UMB_LINK_PICKER_MODAL
)
    .onSubmit((submitData) => {
        console.log("Modal submitted with data".submitData);
    })
    .observeRouteBuilder((routeBuilder) => {
        this._modalRouteBuilder = routeBuilder;
    });
```

The registration holds an instance of its UmbModalHandler when the modal it active. The modal registration accepts 4 different callbacks:

-   `onSetup` - called when the modal is opened
-   `onSubmit` - called when the modal is submitted
-   `onReject` - called when the modal is rejected
-   `observeRouteBuilder` - called when the modal route changes, use the given route builder to build a route to open the modal.

**TODOS:**

describe the additional features of the route Registration:

**Hints:**

-   Add unique parts to the path. (How is this done properly as part of a Property Editor)

> -   A modal registered in a dashboard can be relatively simple.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A modal registered in a dashboard can be basic
```
